EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/005279
Name of medicine: Rivaroxaban Accord
Medicine status: Authorised
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: rivaroxaban
Active substance: rivaroxaban
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Acute Coronary Syndrome;Coronary Artery Disease;Peripheral Arterial Disease;Venous Thromboembolism;Stroke;Atrial Fibrillation;Pulmonary Embolism
ATC code (human): B01AF01
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Antithrombotic agents
Therapeutic indication: Prevention of venous thromboembolism (VTE) in adult patients undergoing elective hip or knee replacement surgery. Treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE), and prevention of recurrent DVT and PE in adults. (See section 4.4 for haemodynamically unstable PE patients. Treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE), and prevention of recurrent DVT and PE in adults. (See section 4.4 for haemodynamically unstable PE patients). Adults Prevention of stroke and systemic embolism in adult patients with non valvular atrial fibrillation with one or more risk factors, such as congestive heart failure, hypertension, age ? 75 years, diabetes mellitus, prior stroke or transient ischaemic attack. Treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE), and prevention of recurrent DVT and PE in adults. (See section 4.4 for haemodynamically unstable PE patients.) Paediatric population Treatment of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and prevention of VTE recurrence in children and adolescents aged less than 18 years and weighing from 30 kg to 50 kg after at least 5 days of initial parenteral anticoagulation treatment. Rivaroxaban Accord, co administered with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) alone or with ASA plus ticlopidine, is indicated for the prevention of atherothrombotic events in adult patients after an acute coronary syndrome (ACS) with elevated cardiac biomarkers (see sections 4.3, 4.4 and 5.1). Rivaroxaban Accord, co administered with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA), is indicated for the prevention of atherothrombotic events in adult patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) or symptomatic peripheral artery disease (PAD) at high risk of ischaemic events. Adults Prevention of stroke and systemic embolism in adult patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation with one or more risk factors, such as congestive heart failure, hypertension, age ? 75 years, diabetes mellitus, prior stroke or transient ischaemic attack. Treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE), and prevention of recurrent DVT and PE in adults. (See section 4.4 for haemodynamically unstable PE patients.) Paediatric population Treatment of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and prevention of VTE recurrence in children and adolescents aged less than 18 years and weighing more than 50 kg after at least 5 days of initial parenteral anticoagulation treatment.
Biosimilar: No
Generic or hybrid: Yes
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/rivaroxaban-accord
