EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/005181
Name of medicine: Equidacent
Medicine status: Withdrawn
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: bevacizumab
Active substance: bevacizumab
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Colorectal Neoplasms;Breast Neoplasms;Ovarian Neoplasms;Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung;Carcinoma, Renal Cell
ATC code (human): L01XC07
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Antineoplastic agents
Therapeutic indication: Bevacizumab in combination with fluoropyrimidine-based chemotherapy is indicated for treatment of adult patients with metastatic carcinoma of the colon or rectum. Bevacizumab in combination with paclitaxel is indicated for first-line treatment of adult patients with metastatic breast cancer. For further information as to human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) status, please refer to section 5.1. Bevacizumab in combination with capecitabine is indicated for first-line treatment of adult patients with metastatic breast cancer in whom treatment with other chemotherapy options including taxanes or anthracyclines is not considered appropriate. Patients who have received taxane and anthracycline- containing regimens in the adjuvant setting within the last 12 months should be excluded from treatment with Equidacent in combination with capecitabine. For further information as to HER2 status, please refer to section 5.1. Bevacizumab, in addition to platinum-based chemotherapy, is indicated for first-line treatment of adult patients with unresectable advanced, metastatic or recurrent non-small cell lung cancer&nbsp;other than predominantly squamous cell histology. Bevacizumab, in combination with erlotinib, is indicated for first-line treatment of adult patients with unresectable advanced, metastatic or recurrent non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer with Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) activating mutations. Bevacizumab in combination with interferon alfa-2a is indicated for first-line treatment of adult patients with advanced and/or metastatic renal cell cancer. Bevacizumab, in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel is indicated for the front-line treatment of adult patients with advanced (International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) stages IIIB, IIIC and IV) epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer (see section 5.1). Bevacizumab, in combination with carboplatin and gemcitabine or in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel, is indicated for treatment of adult patients with first recurrence of platinum-sensitive epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer who have not received prior therapy with bevacizumab or other VEGF inhibitors or VEGF receptor-targeted agents. Bevacizumab, in combination with paclitaxel and cisplatin or, alternatively, paclitaxel and topotecan in patients who cannot receive platinum therapy, is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with persistent, recurrent, or metastatic carcinoma of the cervix.
Biosimilar: Yes
Generic or hybrid: No
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/equidacent
