EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/000707
Name of medicine: Prezista
Medicine status: Authorised
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: darunavir
Active substance: darunavir
Therapeutic area (MeSH): HIV Infections
ATC code (human): J05AE10
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Antivirals for systemic use
Therapeutic indication: PREZISTA, co administered with low dose ritonavir is indicated in combination with other antiretroviral medicinal products for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV 1) infection in adult and paediatric patients from the age of 3 years and at least 15 kg body weight. PREZISTA, co administered with cobicistat is indicated in combination with other antiretroviral medicinal products for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV 1) infection in adults and adolescents (aged 12 years and older, weighing at least 40 kg). In deciding to initiate treatment with PREZISTA co administered with cobicistat or low dose ritonavir, careful consideration should be given to the treatment history of the individual patient and the patterns of mutations associated with different agents. Genotypic or phenotypic testing (when available) and treatment history should guide the use of PREZISTA. PREZISTA, co administered with low dose ritonavir is indicated in combination with other antiretroviral medicinal products for the treatment of patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV 1) infection. PREZISTA 75 mg, 150 mg, and 600 mg tablets may be used to provide suitable dose regimens:  For the treatment of HIV 1 infection in antiretroviral treatment (ART) experienced adult patients, including those that have been highly pre treated. For the treatment of HIV 1 infection in paediatric patients from the age of 3 years and at least 15 kg body weight.  In deciding to initiate treatment with PREZISTA co administered with low dose ritonavir, careful consideration should be given to the treatment history of the individual patient and the patterns of mutations associated with different agents. Genotypic or phenotypic testing (when available) and treatment history should guide the use of PREZISTA. PREZISTA, co administered with low dose ritonavir is indicated in combination with other antiretroviral medicinal products for the treatment of patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV 1) infection. PREZISTA, co administered with cobicistat is indicated in combination with other antiretroviral medicinal products for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV 1) infection in adults and adolescents (aged 12 years and older, weighing at least 40 kg). PREZISTA 400 mg and 800 mg tablets may be used to provide suitable dose regimens for the treatment of HIV 1 infection in adult and paediatric patients from the age of 3 years and at least 40 kg body weight who are:  antiretroviral therapy (ART) naïve. ART experienced with no darunavir resistance associated mutations (DRV RAMs) and who have plasma HIV 1 RNA &lt; 100,000 copies/ml and CD4+ cell count ? 100 cells x 106/L. In deciding to initiate treatment with PREZISTA in such ART experienced patients, genotypic testing should guide the use of PREZISTA.
Biosimilar: No
Generic or hybrid: 
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/prezista
