EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/004891
Name of medicine: Darunavir Krka d.d.
Medicine status: Expired
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: darunavir
Active substance: darunavir
Therapeutic area (MeSH): HIV Infections
ATC code (human): J05AE10
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Antivirals for systemic use
Therapeutic indication: 400mg and 800 mg Film-coated Tablets Darunavir Krka d.d., co-administered with low dose ritonavir is indicated in combination with other antiretroviral medicinal products for the treatment of patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-1) infection. Darunavir Krka d.d., co-administered with cobicistat is indicated in combination with other antiretroviral medicinal products for the treatment of patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-1) infection in adult patients (see section 4.2). Darunavir Krka d.d. 400 mg and 800 mg tablets may be used to provide suitable dose regimens for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in adult and paediatric patients from the age of 3 years and at least 40 kg body weight who are:  antiretroviral therapy (ART)-naïve (see section 4.2). ART-experienced with no darunavir resistance associated mutations (DRV-RAMs) and who have plasma HIV-1 RNA &lt; 100,000 copies/ml and CD4+ cell count ? 100 cells x 106/l. In deciding to initiate treatment with darunavir in such ART-experienced patients, genotypic testing should guide the use of darunavir (see sections 4.2, 4.3, 4.4 and 5.1).  600mg Film-coated Tablets Darunavir Krka d.d., co-administered with low dose ritonavir is indicated in combination with other antiretroviral medicinal products for the treatment of patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-1) infection. Darunavir Krka d.d. 600 mg tablets may be used to provide suitable dose regimens (see section 4.2):  For the treatment of HIV-1 infection in antiretroviral treatment (ART)-experienced adult patients, including those that have been highly pre-treated. For the treatment of HIV-1 infection in paediatric patients from the age of 3 years and at least 15 kg body weight.  In deciding to initiate treatment with darunavir co-administered with low dose ritonavir, careful consideration should be given to the treatment history of the individual patient and the patterns of mutations associated with different agents. Genotypic or phenotypic testing (when available) and treatment history should guide the use of darunavir.
Biosimilar: No
Generic or hybrid: Yes
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/darunavir-krka-dd
