EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/001074
Name of medicine: Docefrez
Medicine status: Withdrawn
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: docetaxel
Active substance: docetaxel
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Stomach Neoplasms;Adenoma;Breast Neoplasms;Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung;Prostatic Neoplasms
ATC code (human): L01CD02
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Antineoplastic agents
Therapeutic indication: Breast cancer  Docetaxel in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide is indicated for the adjuvant treatment of patients with operable node-positive breast cancer. Docetaxel in combination with doxorubicin is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer who have not previously received cytotoxic therapy for this condition. Docetaxel monotherapy is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer after failure of cytotoxic therapy. Previous chemotherapy should have included an anthracycline or an alkylating agent. Docetaxel in combination with trastuzumab is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic breast cancer whose tumours over express HER2 and who previously have not received chemotherapy for metastatic disease. Docetaxel in combination with capecitabine is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer after failure of cytotoxic chemotherapy. Previous therapy should have included an anthracycline.  Non-small cell lung cancer  Docetaxel is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer after failure of prior chemotherapy. Docetaxel in combination with cisplatin is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, in patients who have not previously received chemotherapy for this condition.  Prostate cancer  Docetaxel in combination with prednisone or prednisolone is indicated for the treatment of patients with hormone refractory metastatic prostate cancer.  Gastric adenocarcinoma  Docetaxel in combination with cisplatin and 5-fluorouracil is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic gastric adenocarcinoma, including adenocarcinoma of the gastroesophageal junction, who have not received prior chemotherapy for metastatic disease.  Head and neck cancer  Docetaxel in combination with cisplatin and 5-fluorouracil is indicated for the induction treatment of patients with locally advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck.
Biosimilar: No
Generic or hybrid: Yes
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/docefrez
