EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/004866
Name of medicine: Halimatoz
Medicine status: Withdrawn
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: adalimumab
Active substance: adalimumab
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Hidradenitis Suppurativa;Psoriasis;Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid;Uveitis;Arthritis, Rheumatoid;Spondylitis, Ankylosing;Arthritis, Psoriatic
ATC code (human): L04AB04
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Immunosuppressants
Therapeutic indication: Rheumatoid arthritis Halimatoz in combination with methotrexate, is indicated for:  the treatment of moderate to severe, active rheumatoid arthritis in adult patients when the response to disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs including methotrexate has been inadequate. the treatment of severe, active and progressive rheumatoid arthritis in adults not previously treated with methotrexate.  Halimatoz can be given as monotherapy in case of intolerance to methotrexate or when continued treatment with methotrexate is inappropriate. Adalimumab has been shown to reduce the rate of progression of joint damage as measured by X-ray and to improve physical function, when given in combination with methotrexate. Juvenile idiopathic arthritis  Polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis  Halimatoz in combination with methotrexate is indicated for the treatment of active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis, in patients from the age of 2 years who have had an inadequate response to one or more disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs). Halimatoz can be given as monotherapy in case of intolerance to methotrexate or when continued treatment with methotrexate is inappropriate (for the efficacy in monotherapy see section 5.1). Adalimumab has not been studied in patients aged less than 2 years.  Enthesitis-related arthritis  Halimatoz is indicated for the treatment of active enthesitis-related arthritis in patients, 6 years of age and older, who have had an inadequate response to, or who are intolerant of, conventional therapy. Axial spondyloarthritis  Ankylosing spondylitis (AS)  Halimatoz is indicated for the treatment of adults with severe active ankylosing spondylitis who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy.  Axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of AS  Halimatoz is indicated for the treatment of adults with severe axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of AS but with objective signs of inflammation by elevated CRP and / or MRI, who have had an inadequate response to, or are intolerant to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. Psoriatic arthritis Halimatoz is indicated for the treatment of active and progressive psoriatic arthritis in adults when the response to previous disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drug therapy has been inadequate. Adalimumab has been shown to reduce the rate of progression of peripheral joint damage as measured by X-ray in patients with polyarticular symmetrical subtypes of the disease and to improve physical function. Psoriasis Halimatoz is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis in adult patients who are candidates for systemic therapy.  Paediatric plaque psoriasis  Halimatoz is indicated for the treatment of severe chronic plaque psoriasis in children and adolescents from 4 years of age who have had an inadequate response to or are inappropriate candidates for topical therapy and phototherapies. Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) Halimatoz is indicated for the treatment of active moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa (acne inversa) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with an inadequate response to conventional systemic HS therapy. Crohn’s disease Halimatoz is indicated for treatment of moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease in adult patients who have not responded despite a full and adequate course of therapy with a corticosteroid and / or an immunosuppressant; or who are intolerant to or have medical contraindications for such therapies.  Paediatric Crohn's disease  Halimatoz is indicated for the treatment of moderately to severely active Crohn's disease in paediatric patients (from 6 years of age) who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy including primary nutrition therapy and a corticosteroid and / or an immunomodulator, or who are intolerant to or have contraindications for such therapies.  Ulcerative colitis/ Uveitis/ Paediatric uveitis  For full indication see 4.1.
Biosimilar: Yes
Generic or hybrid: No
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/halimatoz
