EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/005734
Name of medicine: Lenalidomide Krka d.d. Novo mesto (previously Lenalidomide Krka)
Medicine status: Authorised
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: lenalidomide
Active substance: lenalidomide hydrochloride monohydrate
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Multiple Myeloma;Lymphoma, Follicular
ATC code (human): L04AX04
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Immunosuppressants
Therapeutic indication: Multiple myelomaLenalidomide krka d.d. Novo mesto as monotherapy is indicated for the maintenance treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma who have undergone autologous stem cell transplantation. Lenalidomide krka d.d. Novo mesto as combination therapy with dexamethasone, or bortezomib and dexamethasone, or melphalan and prednisone (see section 4.2) is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with previously untreated multiple myeloma who are not eligible for transplant. Lenalidomide krka d.d. Novo mesto in combination with dexamethasone is indicated for the treatment of multiple myeloma in adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy. Follicular lymphomaLenalidomide krka d.d. Novo mesto in combination with rituximab (anti-CD20 antibody) is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with previously treated follicular lymphoma (Grade 1 – 3a). Multiple myelomaLenalidomide krka d.d. Novo mesto as monotherapy is indicated for the maintenance treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma who have undergone autologous stem cell transplantation. Lenalidomide krka d.d. Novo mesto as combination therapy with dexamethasone, or bortezomib and dexamethasone, or melphalan and prednisone (see section 4.2) is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with previously untreated multiple myeloma who are not eligible for transplant. Lenalidomide krka d.d. Novo mesto in combination with dexamethasone is indicated for the treatment of multiple myeloma in adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy. Follicular lymphomaLenalidomide krka d.d. Novo mesto in combination with rituximab (anti-CD20 antibody) is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with previously treated follicular lymphoma (Grade 1 – 3a).
Biosimilar: No
Generic or hybrid: 
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/lenalidomide-krka-dd-novo-mesto
