EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/004112
Name of medicine: Truxima
Medicine status: Authorised
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: rituximab
Active substance: rituximab
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin;Arthritis, Rheumatoid;Wegener Granulomatosis;Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell;Microscopic Polyangiitis
ATC code (human): L01FA01
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Antineoplastic agents
Therapeutic indication: Truxima is indicated in adults for the following indications: Non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (NHL) Truxima is indicated for the treatment of previously untreated patients with stage III IV follicular lymphoma in combination with chemotherapy. Truxima maintenance therapy is indicated for the treatment of follicular lymphoma patients responding to induction therapy. Truxima monotherapy is indicated for treatment of patients with stage III IV follicular lymphoma who are chemo resistant or are in their second or subsequent relapse after chemotherapy. Truxima is indicated for the treatment of patients with CD20 positive diffuse large B cell non Hodgkin’s lymphoma in combination with CHOP (cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine, prednisolone) chemotherapy. Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (CLL) Truxima in combination with chemotherapy is indicated for the treatment of patients with previously untreated and relapsed/refractory CLL. Only limited data are available on efficacy and safety for patients previously treated with monoclonal antibodies including Truxima or patients refractory to previous Truxima plus chemotherapy. Rheumatoid arthritis Truxima in combination with methotrexate is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with severe active rheumatoid arthritis who have had an inadequate response or intolerance to other disease modifying anti rheumatic drugs (DMARD) including one or more tumour necrosis factor (TNF) inhibitor therapies. Truxima has been shown to reduce the rate of progression of joint damage as measured by X ray and to improve physical function, when given in combination with methotrexate. Granulomatosis with polyangiitis and microscopic polyangiitis Truxima, in combination with glucocorticoids, is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with severe, active granulomatosis with polyangiitis (Wegener’s) (GPA) and microscopic polyangiitis (MPA). Pemphigus vulgaris Truxima is indicated for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris (PV).
Biosimilar: Yes
Generic or hybrid: No
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/truxima
