EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/004020
Name of medicine: Flixabi
Medicine status: Authorised
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: infliximab
Active substance: infliximab
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Arthritis, Psoriatic;Spondylitis, Ankylosing;Colitis, Ulcerative;Arthritis, Rheumatoid;Crohn Disease;Psoriasis
ATC code (human): L04AB02
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Immunosuppressants
Therapeutic indication: Rheumatoid arthritis Flixabi, in combination with methotrexate, is indicated for the reduction of signs and symptoms as well as the improvement in physical function in:  adult patients with active disease when the response to disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs), including methotrexate, has been inadequate. dult patients with severe, active and progressive disease not previously treated with methotrexate or other DMARDs.  In these patient populations, a reduction in the rate of the progression of joint damage, as measured by X-ray, has been demonstrated (see section 5.1). Adult Crohn’s disease Flixabi is indicated for:  reatment of moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease, in adult patients who have not responded despite a full and adequate course of therapy with a corticosteroid and/or an immunosuppressant; or who are intolerant to or have medical contraindications for such therapies. reatment of fistulising, active Crohn’s disease, in adult patients who have not responded despite a full and adequate course of therapy with conventional treatment (including antibiotics, drainage and immunosuppressive therapy).  Paediatric Crohn’s disease Flixabi is indicated for treatment of severe, active Crohn’s disease in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years, who have not responded to conventional therapy including a corticosteroid, an immunomodulator and primary nutrition therapy; or who are intolerant to or have contraindications for such therapies. Infliximab has been studied only in combination with conventional immunosuppressive therapy. Ulcerative colitis Flixabi is indicated for treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis in adult patients who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy including corticosteroids and 6-mercaptopurine (6-MP) or azathioprine (AZA), or who are intolerant to or have medical contraindications for such therapies. Paediatric ulcerative colitis Flixabi is indicated for treatment of severely active ulcerative colitis in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years, who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy including corticosteroids and 6-MP or AZA, or who are intolerant to or have medical contraindications for such therapies. Ankylosing spondylitis Flixabiis indicated for treatment of severe, active ankylosing spondylitis, in adult patients who have responded inadequately to conventional therapy. Psoriatic arthritis Flixabi is indicated for treatment of active and progressive psoriatic arthritis in adult patients when the response to previous DMARD therapy has been inadequate. Flixabi should be administered:  in combination with methotrexate or alone in patients who show intolerance to methotrexate or for whom methotrexate is contraindicated.  Infliximab has been shown to improve physical function in patients with psoriatic arthritis, and to reduce the rate of progression of peripheral joint damage as measured by X-ray in patients with polyarticular symmetrical subtypes of the disease (see section 5.1). Psoriasis Flixabi is indicated for treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adult patients who failed to respond to, or who have a contraindication to, or are intolerant to other systemic therapy including cyclosporine, methotrexate or psoralen ultra-violet A (PUVA) (see section 5.1).
Biosimilar: Yes
Generic or hybrid: 
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/flixabi
