EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/005348
Name of medicine: Lenalidomide Krka (previously Lenalidomide Krka d.d. Novo mesto)
Medicine status: Authorised
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: lenalidomide
Active substance: lenalidomide hydrochloride monohydrate
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Multiple Myeloma;Myelodysplastic Syndromes;Lymphoma, Follicular;Lymphoma, Mantle-Cell
ATC code (human): L04AX04
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Immunosuppressants
Therapeutic indication: Multiple myelomaLenalidomide Krka as monotherapy is indicated for the maintenance treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma who have undergone autologous stem cell transplantation. Lenalidomide Krka as combination therapy with dexamethasone, or bortezomib and dexamethasone, or melphalan and prednisone (see section 4.2) is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with previously untreated multiple myeloma who are not eligible for transplant. Lenalidomide Krka in combination with dexamethasone is indicated for the treatment of multiple myeloma in adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy. Myelodysplastic syndromesLenalidomide Krka as monotherapy is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with transfusion-dependent anemia due to low- or intermediate-1-risk myelodysplastic syndromes associated with an isolated deletion 5q cytogenetic abnormality when other therapeutic options are insufficient or inadequate.Mantle cell lymphomaLenalidomide Krka as monotherapy is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory mantle cell lymphoma (see sections 4.4 and 5.1). Follicular lymphomaLenalidomide Krka in combination with rituximab (anti-CD20 antibody) is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with previously treated follicular lymphoma (Grade 1 – 3a). Multiple myelomaLenalidomide Krka as monotherapy is indicated for the maintenance treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma who have undergone autologous stem cell transplantation. Lenalidomide Krka as combination therapy with dexamethasone, or bortezomib and dexamethasone, or melphalan and prednisone (see section 4.2) is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with previously untreated multiple myeloma who are not eligible for transplant. Lenalidomide Krka in combination with dexamethasone is indicated for the treatment of multiple myeloma in adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy. Myelodysplastic syndromesLenalidomide Krka as monotherapy is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with transfusion-dependent anemia due to low- or intermediate-1-risk myelodysplastic syndromes associated with an isolated deletion 5q cytogenetic abnormality when other therapeutic options are insufficient or inadequate. Mantle cell lymphomaLenalidomide Krka as monotherapy is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory mantle cell lymphoma (see sections 4.4 and 5.1). Follicular lymphomaLenalidomide Krka in combination with rituximab (anti-CD20 antibody) is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with previously treated follicular lymphoma (Grade 1 – 3a).
Biosimilar: No
Generic or hybrid: Yes
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/lenalidomide-krka
