EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/000992
Name of medicine: Simponi
Medicine status: Authorised
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: golimumab
Active substance: golimumab
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Arthritis, Psoriatic;Spondylitis, Ankylosing;Colitis, Ulcerative;Arthritis, Rheumatoid
ATC code (human): L04AB06
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Immunosuppressants
Therapeutic indication: Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) Simponi, in combination with methotrexate (MTX), is indicated for:  the treatment of moderate to severe, active rheumatoid arthritis in adults when the response to disease modifying anti rheumatic drug (DMARD) therapy including MTX has been inadequate. the treatment of severe, active and progressive rheumatoid arthritis in adults not previously treated with MTX.  Simponi, in combination with MTX, has been shown to reduce the rate of progression of joint damage as measured by X ray and to improve physical function. For information regarding the polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis indication, please see the Simponi 50 mg SmPC. Psoriatic arthritis (PsA) Simponi, alone or in combination with MTX, is indicated for the treatment of active and progressive psoriatic arthritis in adult patients when the response to previous DMARD therapy has been inadequate. Simponi has been shown to reduce the rate of progression of peripheral joint damage as measured by X ray in patients with polyarticular symmetrical subtypes of the disease (see section 5.1) and to improve physical function. Axial spondyloarthritis Ankylosing spondylitis (AS) Simponi is indicated for the treatment of severe, active ankylosing spondylitis in adults who have responded inadequately to conventional therapy. Non radiographic axial spondyloarthritis (nr Axial SpA) Simponi is indicated for the treatment of adults with severe, active non radiographic axial spondyloarthritis with objective signs of inflammation as indicated by elevated C reactive protein (CRP) and/or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) evidence, who have had an inadequate response to, or are intolerant to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). Ulcerative colitis (UC) Simponi is indicated for treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis in adult patients who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy including corticosteroids and 6 mercaptopurine (6 MP) or azathioprine (AZA), or who are intolerant to or have medical contraindications for such therapies. Ulcerative colitisPaediatric ulcerative colitis (pUC)Simponi is indicated for the treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis in paediatric patients 2 years of age and older with a body weight of at least 15&nbsp; kg, who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy, including corticosteroids and 6‑mercaptopurine (6‑MP) or azathioprine (AZA), or who are intolerant to or have medical contraindications for such therapies. Juvenile idiopathic arthritis Polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (pJIA) Simponi in combination with methotrexate (MTX) is indicated for the treatment of polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children 2 years of age and older, who have responded inadequately to previous therapy with MTX. Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) Simponi, in combination with methotrexate (MTX), is indicated for:  the treatment of moderate to severe, active rheumatoid arthritis in adults when the response to disease modifying anti rheumatic drug (DMARD) therapy including MTX has been inadequate. the treatment of severe, active and progressive rheumatoid arthritis in adults not previously treated with MTX.  Simponi, in combination with MTX, has been shown to reduce the rate of progression of joint damage as measured by X ray and to improve physical function. Juvenile idiopathic arthritis Polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (pJIA) Simponi in combination with MTX is indicated for the treatment of polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children 2 years of age and older, who have responded inadequately to previous therapy with MTX. Psoriatic arthritis (PsA) Simponi, alone or in combination with MTX, is indicated for the treatment of active and progressive psoriatic arthritis in adult patients when the response to previous DMARD therapy has been inadequate. Simponi has been shown to reduce the rate of progression of peripheral joint damage as measured by X ray in patients with polyarticular symmetrical subtypes of the disease (see section 5.1) and to improve physical function. Axial spondyloarthritis Ankylosing spondylitis (AS) Simponi is indicated for the treatment of severe, active ankylosing spondylitis in adults who have responded inadequately to conventional therapy. Non radiographic axial spondyloarthritis (nr Axial SpA) Simponi is indicated for the treatment of adults with severe, active non radiographic axial spondyloarthritis with objective signs of inflammation as indicated by elevated C reactive protein (CRP) and/or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) evidence, who have had an inadequate response to, or are intolerant to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). Ulcerative colitis (UC) Simponi is indicated for treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis in adult patients who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy including corticosteroids and 6 mercaptopurine (6 MP) or azathioprine (AZA), or who are intolerant to or have medical contraindications for such therapies.
Biosimilar: No
Generic or hybrid: No
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/simponi
