EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/004748
Name of medicine: Imatinib Teva B.V.
Medicine status: Withdrawn
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: imatinib
Active substance: imatinib mesilate
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Dermatofibrosarcoma;Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors;Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
ATC code (human): L01XE01
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Antineoplastic agents
Therapeutic indication: Imatinib Teva B.V. is indicated for the treatment of:  Paediatric patients with newly diagnosed Philadelphia chromosome (bcr-abl) positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukaemia (CML) for whom bone marrow transplantation is not considered as the first line of treatment. Paediatric patients with Ph+ CML in chronic phase after failure of interferon-alpha therapy, or in accelerated phase or blast crisis. Adult patients with Ph+ CML in blast crisis. Adult and paediatric patients with newly diagnosed Philadelphia chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (Ph+ ALL) integrated with chemotherapy. Adult patients with relapsed or refractory Ph+ ALL as monotherapy. &nbsp;Adult patients with myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases (MDS/MPD) associated with platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR) gene re-arrangements. Adult patients with advanced hypereosinophilic syndrome (HES) and/or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia (CEL) with FIP1L1-PDGFR? rearrangement.  The effect of imatinib on the outcome of bone marrow transplantation has not been determined. Imatinib Teva B.V. is indicated for:  The treatment of adult patients with Kit (CD 117) positive unresectable and/or metastatic malignant gastrointestinal stromal tumours (GIST). The adjuvant treatment of adult patients who are at significant risk of relapse following resection of Kit (CD117)-positive GIST. Patients who have a low or very low risk of recurrence should not receive adjuvant treatment. The treatment of adult patients with unresectable dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans (DFSP) and adult patients with recurrent and/or metastatic DFSP who are not eligible for surgery.  In adult and paediatric patients, the effectiveness of imatinib is based on overall haematological and cytogenetic response rates and progression-free survival in CML, on haematological and cytogenetic response rates in Ph+ ALL, MDS/MPD, on haematological response rates in HES/CEL and on objective response rates in adult patients with unresectable and/or metastatic GIST and DFSP and on recurrence-free survival in adjuvant GIST. The experience with imatinib in patients with MDS/MPD associated with PDGFR gene re-arrangements is very limited. There are no controlled trials demonstrating a clinical benefit or increased survival for these diseases.
Biosimilar: No
Generic or hybrid: Yes
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/imatinib-teva-bv
