EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/000262
Name of medicine: Enbrel
Medicine status: Authorised
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: etanercept
Active substance: etanercept
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Spondylitis, Ankylosing;Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid;Arthritis, Psoriatic;Psoriasis;Arthritis, Rheumatoid
ATC code (human): L04AB01
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Immunosuppressants
Therapeutic indication: Rheumatoid arthritis Enbrel in combination with methotrexate is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis in adults when the response to disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs, including methotrexate (unless contraindicated), has been inadequate. Enbrel can be given as monotherapy in case of intolerance to methotrexate or when continued treatment with methotrexate is inappropriate. Enbrel is also indicated in the treatment of severe, active and progressive rheumatoid arthritis in adults not previously treated with methotrexate. Enbrel, alone or in combination with methotrexate, has been shown to reduce the rate of progression of joint damage as measured by X-ray and to improve physical function. Juvenile idiopathic arthritis Treatment of polyarthritis (rheumatoid-factor-positive or -negative) and extended oligoarthritis in children and adolescents from the age of two years who have had an inadequate response to, or who have proved intolerant of, methotrexate. Treatment of psoriatic arthritis in adolescents from the age of 12 years who have had an inadequate response to, or who have proved intolerant of, methotrexate. Treatment of enthesitis-related arthritis in adolescents from the age of 12 years who have had an inadequate response to, or who have proved intolerant of, conventional therapy. Enbrel has not been studied in children aged less than two years. Psoriatic arthritis Treatment of active and progressive psoriatic arthritis in adults when the response to previous disease-modifying antirheumatic drug therapy has been inadequate. Enbrel has been shown to improve physical function in patients with psoriatic arthritis, and to reduce the rate of progression of peripheral joint damage as measured by X-ray in patients with polyarticular symmetrical subtypes of the disease. Axial spondyloarthritis Ankylosing spondylitis (AS) Treatment of adults with severe active ankylosing spondylitis who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy. Non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis Treatment of adults with severe non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis with objective signs of inflammation as indicated by elevated C-reactive protein (CRP) and/or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) evidence, who have had an inadequate response to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs).  Plaque psoriasis  Treatment of adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis who failed to respond to, or who have a contraindication to, or are intolerant to other systemic therapy, including ciclosporin, methotrexate or psoralen and ultraviolet-A light (PUVA). Paediatric plaque psoriasis  Treatment of chronic severe plaque psoriasis in children and adolescents from the age of six years who are inadequately controlled by, or are intolerant to, other systemic therapies or phototherapies.
Biosimilar: No
Generic or hybrid: No
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/enbrel
