EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/000955
Name of medicine: RoActemra
Medicine status: Authorised
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: tocilizumab
Active substance: tocilizumab
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Arthritis, Rheumatoid;Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid;Cytokine Release Syndrome;Giant Cell Arteritis;COVID-19 virus infection
ATC code (human): L04AC07
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Immunosuppressants
Therapeutic indication: RoActemra, in combination with methotrexate (MTX), is indicated for  the treatment of severe, active and progressive rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in adults not previously treated with MTX. the treatment of moderate to severe active RA in adult patients who have either responded inadequately to, or who were intolerant to, previous therapy with one or more disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs) or tumour necrosis factor (TNF) antagonists. 	In these patients, RoActemra can be given as monotherapy in case of intolerance to MTX or where continued treatment with MTX is inappropriate. 	RoActemra has been shown to reduce the rate of progression of joint damage as measured by X-ray and to improve physical function when given in combination with methotrexate.  RoActemra is indicated for the treatment of active systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (sJIA) in patients 1 year of age and older, who have responded inadequately to previous therapy with NSAIDs and systemic corticosteroids. RoActemra can be given as monotherapy (in case of intolerance to MTX or where treatment with MTX is inappropriate) or in combination with MTX. RoActemra in combination with methotrexate (MTX) is indicated for the treatment of juvenile idiopathic polyarthritis (pJIA; rheumatoid factor positive or negative and extended oligoarthritis) in patients 2 years of age and older, who have responded inadequately to previous therapy with MTX.&nbsp; RoActemra can be given as monotherapy in case of intolerance to MTX or where continued treatment with MTX is inappropriate. RoActemra is indicated for the treatment of Giant Cell Arteritis (GCA) in adult patients. RoActemra, in combination with methotrexate (MTX), is indicated for:  the treatment of severe, active and progressive rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in adults not previously treated with MTX. the treatment of moderate to severe active RA in adult patients who have either responded inadequately to, or who were intolerant to, previous therapy with one or more disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs) or tumour necrosis factor (TNF) antagonists. 	In these patients, RoActemra can be given as monotherapy in case of intolerance to MTX or where continued treatment with MTX is inappropriate.&nbsp; 	RoActemra has been shown to reduce the rate of progression of joint damage as measured by X-ray and to improve physical function when given in combination with methotrexate.  RoActemra is indicated for the treatment of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in adults who are receiving systemic corticosteroids and require supplemental oxygen or mechanical ventilation. RoActemra is indicated for the treatment of active systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (sJIA) in patients 2 years of age and older, who have responded inadequately to previous therapy with NSAIDs and systemic corticosteroids. RoActemra can be given as monotherapy (in case of intolerance to MTX or where treatment with MTX is inappropriate) or in combination with MTX. RoActemra in combination with methotrexate (MTX) is indicated for the treatment of juvenile idiopathic polyarthritis (pJIA; rheumatoid factor positive or negative and extended oligoarthritis) in patients 2 years of age and older, who have responded inadequately to previous therapy with MTX. RoActemra can be given as monotherapy in case of intolerance to MTX or where continued treatment with MTX is inappropriate. RoActemra is indicated for the treatment of chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell-induced severe or life-threatening cytokine release syndrome (CRS) in adults and paediatric patients 2 years of age and older. RoActemra, in combination with methotrexate (MTX), is indicated for:  the treatment of severe, active and progressive rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in adults not previously treated with MTX. the treatment of moderate to severe active RA in adult patients who have either responded inadequately to, or who were intolerant to, previous therapy with one or more disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs) or tumour necrosis factor (TNF) antagonists. 	In these patients, RoActemra can be given as monotherapy in case of intolerance to MTX or where continued treatment with MTX is inappropriate.&nbsp; 	RoActemra has been shown to reduce the rate of progression of joint damage as measured by X-ray and to improve physical function when given in combination with methotrexate.  RoActemra is indicated for the treatment of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in adults who are receiving systemic corticosteroids and require supplemental oxygen or mechanical ventilation. RoActemra is indicated for the treatment of active systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (sJIA) in patients 2 years of age and older, who have responded inadequately to previous therapy with NSAIDs and systemic corticosteroids. RoActemra can be given as monotherapy (in case of intolerance to MTX or where treatment with MTX is inappropriate) or in combination with MTX. RoActemra in combination with methotrexate (MTX) is indicated for the treatment of juvenile idiopathic polyarthritis (pJIA; rheumatoid factor positive or negative and extended oligoarthritis) in patients 2 years of age and older, who have responded inadequately to previous therapy with MTX. RoActemra can be given as monotherapy in case of intolerance to MTX or where continued treatment with MTX is inappropriate. RoActemra is indicated for the treatment of chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell-induced severe or life-threatening cytokine release syndrome (CRS) in adults and paediatric patients 2 years of age and older.
Biosimilar: No
Generic or hybrid: 
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/roactemra
