EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/000760
Name of medicine: Silapo
Medicine status: Authorised
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: epoetin zeta
Active substance: epoetin zeta
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Anemia;Blood Transfusion, Autologous;Cancer;Kidney Failure, Chronic
ATC code (human): B03XA01
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Antianemic preparations
Therapeutic indication: Treatment of symptomatic anaemia associated with chronic renal failure (CRF) in adult and paediatric patients   Treatment of anaemia associated with chronic renal failure in adult and paediatric patients on haemodialysis and adult patients on peritoneal dialysis.   Treatment of severe anaemia of renal origin accompanied by clinical symptoms in adult patients with renal insufficiency not yet undergoing dialysis.     Treatment of anaemia and reduction of transfusion requirements in adult patients receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours, malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma, and at risk of transfusion as assessed by the patient's general status (e.g. cardiovascular status, pre?existing anaemia at the start of chemotherapy).   Silapo can be used to increase the yield of autologous blood from patients in a predonation programme. Its use in this indication must be balanced against the reported risk of thromboembolic events. Treatment should only be given to patients with moderate anaemia (no iron deficiency), if blood saving procedures are not available or insufficient when the scheduled major elective surgery requires a large volume of blood (4 or more units of blood for females or 5 or more units for males).   Silapo is indicated for non-iron deficient adults prior to major elective orthopaedic surgery having a high perceived risk for transfusion complications to reduce exposure to allogeneic blood transfusions. Use should be restricted to patients with moderate anaemia (e.g. haemoglobin concentration range between 10 to 13 g/dl) who do not have an autologous predonation programme available and with expected moderate blood loss (900 to 1 800 ml).   Silapo can be used to increase haemoglobin concentration in symptomatic anaemia (haemoglobin concentration of ?10 g/dl) in adults with low- or intermediate-1-risk primary myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) who have low serum erythropoietin (&lt;200 mU/ml).
Biosimilar: Yes
Generic or hybrid: 
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/silapo
