EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/002325
Name of medicine: Docetaxel Kabi
Medicine status: Authorised
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: docetaxel
Active substance: docetaxel
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Head and Neck Neoplasms;Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung;Adenocarcinoma;Prostatic Neoplasms;Breast Neoplasms
ATC code (human): L01CD02
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Antineoplastic agents
Therapeutic indication: Breast cancer Docetaxel Kabi in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide is indicated for the adjuvant treatment of patients with:  operable node-positive breast cancer; operable node-negative breast cancer.  For patients with operable node-negative breast cancer, adjuvant treatment should be restricted to patients eligible to receive chemotherapy according to internationally established criteria for primary therapy of early breast cancer. Docetaxel Kabi in combination with doxorubicin is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer who have not previously received cytotoxic therapy for this condition. Docetaxel Kabi monotherapy is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer after failure of cytotoxic therapy. Previous chemotherapy should have included an anthracycline or an alkylating agent. Docetaxel Kabi in combination with trastuzumab is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic breast cancer whose tumours overexpress HER2 and who previously have not received chemotherapy for metastatic disease. Docetaxel Kabi in combination with capecitabine is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer after failure of cytotoxic chemotherapy. Previous therapy should have included an anthracycline. Non-small-cell lung cancer Docetaxel Kabi is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer after failure of prior chemotherapy. Docetaxel Kabi in combination with cisplatin is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer, in patients who have not previously received chemotherapy for this condition. Prostate cancer Docetaxel Kabi in combination with prednisone or prednisolone is indicated for the treatment of patients with castration-resistant metastatic prostate cancer. Docetaxel Kabi in combination with androgen-deprivation therapy (ADT), with or without prednisone or prednisolone, is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer. Gastric adenocarcinoma Docetaxel Kabi in combination with cisplatin and 5-fluorouracil is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic gastric adenocarcinoma, including adenocarcinoma of the gastroesophageal junction, who have not received prior chemotherapy for metastatic disease. Head and neck cancer Docetaxel Kabi in combination with cisplatin and 5-fluorouracil is indicated for the induction treatment of patients with locally advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck.
Biosimilar: No
Generic or hybrid: Yes
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/docetaxel-kabi
