EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/000281
Name of medicine: IntronA
Medicine status: Withdrawn
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: interferon alfa-2b
Active substance: interferon alfa-2b
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Carcinoid Tumor;Leukemia, Hairy Cell;Lymphoma, Follicular;Hepatitis B, Chronic;Hepatitis C, Chronic;Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive;Melanoma;Multiple Myeloma
ATC code (human): L03AB05
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Immunostimulants
Therapeutic indication: Chronic hepatitis B Treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis B associated with evidence of hepatitis-B viral replication (presence of DNA of hepatitis-B virus (HBV-DNA) and hepatitis-B antigen (HBeAg), elevated alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and histologically proven active liver inflammation and / or fibrosis. Chronic hepatitis C Before initiating treatment with IntronA, consideration should be given to the results from clinical trials comparing IntronA with pegylated interferon. Adult patients IntronA is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis C who have elevated transaminases without liver decompensation and who are positive for hepatitis-C virus-RNA (HCV-RNA). The best way to use IntronA in this indication is in combination with ribavirin. Children three years of age and older and adolescents IntronA is indicated, in a combination regimen with ribavirin, for the treatment of children three years of age and older and adolescents, who have chronic hepatitis C, not previously treated, without liver decompensation, and who are positive for HCV-RNA. When deciding not to defer treatment until adulthood, it is important to consider that the combination therapy induced a growth inhibition that resulted in reduced final adult height in some patients. The decision to treat should be made on a case-by-case basis. Hairy-cell leukaemia Treatment of patients with hairy cell leukaemia. Chronic myelogenous leukaemia Monotherapy Treatment of adult patients with Philadelphia-chromosome- or bcr/abl-translocation-positive chronic myelogenous leukaemia. Clinical experience indicates that a haematological and cytogenetic major / minor response is obtainable in the majority of patients treated. A major cytogenetic response is defined by &lt; 34 % Ph+ leukaemic cells in the bone marrow, whereas a minor response is ? 34 %, but &lt; 90 % Ph+ cells in the marrow. Combination therapy The combination of interferon alfa-2b and cytarabine (Ara-C) administered during the first 12 months of treatment has been demonstrated to significantly increase the rate of major cytogenetic responses and to significantly prolong the overall survival at three years when compared to interferon alfa-2b monotherapy. Multiple myeloma As maintenance therapy in patients who have achieved objective remission (more than 50% reduction in myeloma protein) following initial induction chemotherapy. Current clinical experience indicates that maintenance therapy with interferon alfa-2b prolongs the plateau phase; however, effects on overall survival have not been conclusively demonstrated. Follicular lymphoma Treatment of high-tumour-burden follicular lymphoma as adjunct to appropriate combination induction chemotherapy such as a CHOP-like regimen. High tumour burden is defined as having at least one of the following: bulky tumour mass (&gt; 7 cm), involvement of three or more nodal sites (each &gt; 3 cm), systemic symptoms (weight loss &gt; 10 %, pyrexia &gt; 38°C for more than eight days, or nocturnal sweats), splenomegaly beyond the umbilicus, major organ obstruction or compression syndrome, orbital or epidural involvement, serous effusion, or leukaemia. Carcinoid tumour Treatment of carcinoid tumours with lymph node or liver metastases and with 'carcinoid syndrome'. Malignant melanoma As adjuvant therapy in patients who are free of disease after surgery but are at high risk of systemic recurrence, e.g. patients with primary or recurrent (clinical or pathological) lymph-node.
Biosimilar: No
Generic or hybrid: No
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/introna
