EMA product number: EMEA/H/C/001018
Name of medicine: Ribavirin Teva
Medicine status: Withdrawn
International non-proprietary name (INN) / common name: ribavirin
Active substance: ribavirin
Therapeutic area (MeSH): Hepatitis C, Chronic
ATC code (human): J05AB04
Pharmacotherapeutic group (human): Antivirals for systemic use
Therapeutic indication: Ribavirin Teva is indicated for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in adults, children 3 years of age and older and adolescents and must only be used as part of a combination regimen with interferon alfa-2b. Ribavirin monotherapy must not be used. There is no safety or efficacy information on the use of Ribavirin with other forms of interferon (i.e. not alfa-2b). Naïve patients  Adult patients  Ribavirin Teva is indicated, in combination with interferon alfa-2b, for the treatment of adult patients with all types of chronic hepatitis C except genotype 1, not previously treated, without liver decompensation, with elevated alanine aminotransferase (ALT), who are positive for hepatitis C viral ribonucleic acid HCV-RNA. Paediatric patients (children 3 years of age and older and adolescents)  Ribavirin Teva is indicated, in a combination regimen with interferon alfa­2b, for the treatment of children and adolescents 3 years of age and older, who have all types of chronic hepatitis C except genotype 1, not previously treated, without liver decompensation, and who are positive for HCV-RNA. When deciding not to defer treatment until adulthood, it is important to consider that the combination therapy induced a growth inhibition that may be irreversible in some patients. The reversibility of growth inhibition is uncertain. The decision to treat should be made on a case by case basis. Previous treatment failure patients Adult patients  Ribavirin Teva is indicated, in combination with interferon alfa-2b, for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis C who have previously responded (with normalisation of ALT at the end of treatment) to interferon alpha monotherapy but who have subsequently relapsed.
Biosimilar: No
Generic or hybrid: 
Medicine URL: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/medicines/human/EPAR/ribavirin-teva
